README.md, before:

simpleheat
==========

A super-tiny JavaScript library for drawing heatmaps with Canvas by [Vladimir Agafonkin](http://agafonkin.com/en).
Inspired by [heatmap.js](https://github.com/pa7/heatmap.js), but with focus on simplicity and performance.

Demo: http://mourner.github.io/simpleheat/demo

```js
simpleheat('canvas').data(data).draw();
```

## Reference

#### Constructor

```js
// create a simpleheat object given an id or canvas reference
var heat = simpleheat(canvas);
```

#### Data

```js
// set data of [[x, y, value], ...] format
heat.data(data);

// set max data value (1 by default)
heat.max(max);

// add a data point
heat.add(point);

// clear data
heat.clear();
```

#### Appearance

```js
// set point radius and blur radius (25 and 15 by default)
heat.radius(r, r2);

// set gradient colors as {<stop>: '<color>'}, e.g. {0.4: 'blue', 0.65: 'lime', 1: 'red'}
heat.gradient(grad);
```

#### Rendering

```js
// draw the heatmap with optional minimum point opacity (0.05 by default)
heat.draw(minOpacity);
```

Commit message:

add link to Leaflet.heat

README.md, after:

simpleheat
==========

A super-tiny JavaScript library for drawing heatmaps with Canvas by [Vladimir Agafonkin](http://agafonkin.com/en).
Inspired by [heatmap.js](https://github.com/pa7/heatmap.js), but with focus on simplicity and performance.

It also powers [Leaflet.heat](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.heat), a heatmap plugin for [Leaflet](http://leafletjs.com).

Demo: http://mourner.github.io/simpleheat/demo

```js
simpleheat('canvas').data(data).draw();
```

## Reference

#### Constructor

```js
// create a simpleheat object given an id or canvas reference
var heat = simpleheat(canvas);
```

#### Data

```js
// set data of [[x, y, value], ...] format
heat.data(data);

// set max data value (1 by default)
heat.max(max);

// add a data point
heat.add(point);

// clear data
heat.clear();
```

#### Appearance

```js
// set point radius and blur radius (25 and 15 by default)
heat.radius(r, r2);

// set gradient colors as {<stop>: '<color>'}, e.g. {0.4: 'blue', 0.65: 'lime', 1: 'red'}
heat.gradient(grad);
```

#### Rendering

```js
// draw the heatmap with optional minimum point opacity (0.05 by default)
heat.draw(minOpacity);
```
